As part of the work, you should use the text in order to Analyze requirements, design an architecture for the system described and a Implement prototype of the central use case of the system. You will do your job to Document in the form of a presentation and a video.
 The following task description is structured along these five sub-areas.


Phase1
 1.Requirements:
 1.1• Find use cases in the requirement text using the verb-noun method, Classes and class attributes. Please mark this in the request text different colours. 1.2• Create a domain model based on your result. 1.3• Create a use case diagram based on your result. 1.4• Based on the use case diagram, create at least two epics and organise them the use cases. 1.5• Create at least four user stories for each of your epics. Describe the user stories with story cards.
 2.Architecture:
 Context View
 2.1• Create the technical and business context view for the system.
 Rough architecture 
2.2• Create a slide that represents the architectural style of your high-level architecture. 2.3• Create a slide showing how your architecture maps to code and how it should look like.
 3.Technical architecture 
3.1• Create a two-level hierarchical decomposition of your system. 3.2• Create the Structural View for the top level of the architecture. 3.3• Also, further disassemble an important component of your system. 

Set in the "Structural View" this component is to see which classes it should be composed of. 3.4• Create your sequence diagram according to the selected user story. 3.5• Create the deployment view for your system.

Phase2.
 4.Prototype:
 Implement a prototype of your system that achieves at least the following points: 4.1• The domain model is implemented. This means that all relevant classes are generated.Pay attention to associations and their multiplicities, navigability, Compositions and Aggregations. 4.2• A prototype GUI for the selected user story, which you can use in the architecture as a sequence diagram (Behavioural View).

Note: - You only have to implement this user story from a use case, not all other user stories. There is also no need for any further use cases from your use case diagram! 4.3• An entry-level class populates your domain model with initial data, starts the prototype and shows the GUI 4.4• The classes required for the use case are implemented.
 4.5- Execution of the use case is possible.
** The GUI initially shows the initials Data status.
** The user can make entries. 
** This creates the data basis changed.
** These changes are reflected in the GUI.
 4.6• Select an interface from the specialist architecture (Level 2).

 To do this, create test cases to test this interface as completely as possible. 4.7• Create a code metrics report for your prototype. 4.8• Create documentation (JavaDoc) for your prototype. 4.9• The README file in the root folder of your repository briefly explains how to start your prototype and which prerequisites (e.g. installed Java version) apply.



Hints:

General information:

Maintain consistency between your requirements, your models, and your implementation
(Class names, attribute names, data types, multiplicities, method names, orders in
sequence diagram, ...)
Comment complicated parts of the code to increase readability.

Program code and technology:

You are allowed to implement your system using Java. 

Commit the program code of your prototype to the main branch of your repository
Prototype subfolder.

Also add an executable version of your prototype (e.g. jar file) in the subfolder
prototype/src/deploy.

Create documentation of your code (e.g. with JavaDoc) and include that in the
Repository in the prototype/src/main/doc subfolder.

Also commit your JUnit test cases.

Models:

Use the Enterprise Architect to create the models.
 Save all models in one single Enterprise Architect file. 
 Use an appropriate packaging structure within the model.
 After completing the tasks, commit your model to the main branch.
